>> Scott Moss: Now what we're gonna do
is we're going to learn about different
ways to handle routing in our
Lambda API that we just created.
So if we go back to our API,
we had two functions.
I mean, I made this third one
while I was just talking about it,
but really, we have two or three
depending on what you have in your repo.
And they're all different APIs and they're
all three different functions, right?
And this is cool, but if you go
back to how you would have created
something on a server, you'd probably
just have something like Express, and
then Express defined what the routes were,
right?
Actually, I think that's
a much better workflow, and
I wish I could go back
to something like that.
And yeah, you can,
you can totally do that.
So what we can do is instead is we can
just have API gateway proxy to one Lambda.
And then we have that one
Lambda proxy to Express.
And then we just have Express
to find the routes and
do everything internally from there.
And then that way, literally transitioning
from an API that you made on Node that's
Express based to Lambda
that's just copy and paste.
You don't have to do anything, you just
copy the code from whatever you had and
paste it into Lambda function and
you're done.
You don't have to set up anything but
just a proxy.
So that's the easiest transition
from going from a traditional API
you might have with Express and
Node to Lambda in one afternoon.
So that's what we're gonna do.
So a couple of things
that we have to do for
that to work is we need to
consolidate our functions.
We have three functions here.
Don't get me wrong, there are some
benefits of having multiple functions,
and actually, you know what?
I'm gonna walk down the different
paths that you can do.
Let me take a step back before we
transition over to using Express,
let me talk about the different
paths that you can take.
So one is the path that we just took,
which we have three different functions
that have three different HTTP routes.
So it's like one for one match, for
each function it's doing its own route.
The next iteration we could
have done is we could have had,
>> Scott Moss: Three different routes
point to the same function, right?
And what I mean the same function, I mean
there's actually three different Lambda
functions, but
they'll be the same handler, right?
So if I gave all these functions
the same handler, like handler was just
src/api/api, and I put that here, and I
put that here, they are the same handler.
Yes, I would get three
separate Lambda functions, but
they would all be the same code, so over
here, there would always just be one file.
And then inside of here I'd
do some internal routing.
So yeah, you could do that.
And then you can do routing
based on the context,
you're like, what's the function name?
The function name is
whatever was put here.
So I can check the function name,
I can check the path.
So that's one way you can do it, and
that might be more helpful if you
would wanna do some things like analytics
and you wanted to track on that level.
So it's like, cool,
it's the same source function, but
I've got these three Lambda separated,
so I wanna be able to separate them
completely so that way my metrics
dashboard is separated out by functions.
So I can literally just go see
how long a todo's function
took to execute versus the API function,
even though they're the same source code,
they're separate Lambda functions though.
So it might be easier to segment that way,
so that's the second way.
The third way is what we're gonna do is
we're just gonna have one function send
every request over to its source code,
which we'll just use Express inside of it,
and Express will do all the routing
just like you normally would.
See if you have questions on that?
>> Scott Moss: Yes.
>> Student: I mean, bit that then is
gonna trigger the Express function and
charge you for
it no matter what the address is, correct?
So if you got web crawlers and trawlers,
you're gonna pay for
thousands of bad requests.
>> Scott Moss: Well, yeah that depends on
how loose you wanna be with your proxy.
We're gonna proxy every single route, but
you could proxy only
the routes that you want.
So yeah, you're right, it's totally
up to you how you wanna do that.
But yeah, you could totally
have people crawl on you.
But the way you get around that is,
what we didn't really talk about today,
is having a authorizer.
Authorizer is a Lambda function that
sits in front of your Lambda functions.
And then whenever somebody will hit your
API gateway, API gateway is like cool,
does this Lambda that you're
trying to access have authorizer?
Let me go talk to the authorizer first,
which itself is a Lambda function,
and then based on a token,
a header, or IP address,
or whatever, it'll authorize access to
the Lambda function you really want.
And if not, you can get denied there.
So that's a good place to do things
like rate limiting and stuff like that.
So that's how you would get around that.
And then if you really
wanted to get crazy with it,
you could move that to the Edge and
do that on the Lambda on the Edge.
So it doesn't even go
anywhere near anything,
it's just like right on cloud front.
So it's a lot of ways
you can mitigate that.